Add Rosetta under internationalization (#568)
veelenga/awesome-crystal: README.md

 * [crystal-i18n](https://github.com/crystal-i18n/i18n) - An internationalization library inspired by Ruby-I18n
 * [i18n.cr](https://github.com/vladfaust/i18n.cr) - Internationalization shard
 * [Lens](https://github.com/syeopite/lens) - A multiformat internationalization (i18n) shard for Crystal. Supports Gettext, Ruby YAML, etc.

>  * [Rosetta](https://github.com/wout/rosetta) A blazing fast internationalization (i18n) library with compile-time key lookup. Supports YAML and JSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * [Rosetta](https://github.com/wout/rosetta) - A blazing fast internationalization (i18n) library with compile-time key lookup supporting YAML and JSON formats
```
